 Homework 11
1. Create a rails project called vehicle_project, which will have the following models: 1.1. Vehicle - with the following instance variables:
1.1.1. vin => string
1.1.2. year => number
1.1.3. make => string
1.1.4. model => string
1.1.5. engine_type => string 1.1.6. license_plate => string
1.2. Person - with the following instance variables: 1.2.1. first_name => string
1.2.2. last_name => string
1.2.3. email => string
1.2.4. date_of_birth => Date
2. Create a GitHub repository and push the project vehicle_project to it. Create a branch for
"each" modification below. Submit a pull request to those modifications.
3. Decorate the pages using at least 5 tags customizations (css).
4. Add JavaScript validation to the forms checking for at least blank values.
5. When you make a call to one of the pages generated by 1 and 2 above, the call will arrive at the web server first. List in a bullet point format all the files that will be processed in the order they will be processed in before the web server responds to the client.
6. What is the purpose of application* files? * here refers to anything else that comes after the word "application".
7. Write JavaScript and Ruby codes that will take two arrays, one of numbers, and the other one of color names. The program will output one merged array that will print alternating values (number and color name) corresponding to the elements of both arrays.
8. Write a JavaScript and Ruby program that will take three arrays, and will create three new arrays (two, three, five). The first array (two) will have all the elements divisible by 2 from the three input arrays. The second array (three) will have all the elements divisible by 3 from the input arrays. The last array (five) will have all the elements divisible by 5 from those input arrays.
9. Write a JavaScript and Ruby program that will take a string (which includes a mathematical formula), parses it (breaks it down into numbers and operators), and executes the results. For example:
 calculate("5 * (2 ^ 5) / (750/(2+1))") should print 0.64
10. Create a website using Ruby on Rails and one bootstrap template. The website will be regarding any topic you'd like. Keep it simple in terms of content. Focus on as many bootstrap features to display as possible. There should be no CSS or JavaScript errors after you do the complete set up.
